"Did someone say something about the garden?"
"I could really use some help in the garden, you know!"
"The weevils have been destroying the garden all week!"
"One day Id love to clean up that old greenhouse..."
"Ill be planting some tchea fruit soon! I love tchea pie!"
"Is the garden ok? Its been so nice having Kwis Night Watch, but who will protect me during the day?"
"Every garden has its weeds, but even they have a purpose."
"A little patience and a lot of compost can fix almost anything."
"The best way to grow is with your roots in the right place."
"A garden, like a town, thrives when every plant has its place."
"Remember young Neopian, even the smallest seed can sprout the tallest tree."
"If you listen closely, the flowers will tell you their stories."
"Did you see where I left my rake?"
"Garden, shmarden!"
"Garden, garden, garden, GARDEN!"
"Garden this, garden that... YOU garden!"
"If you dont quit your hollering about the garden Grannie Greeble is gonna be real upset..."
"Look into native species that will benefit your local ecosystem!"
"Did you hear that Prince Jubtin told King Altador about little old Greeble Gardens?!"
"Grannie Greeble was really impressed with the garden last year. I wonder if we do better this year?"
"I really miss Grannie Greeble sometimes... She makes the best Juppie Pie."
"Did you know that you can ask me about how many Seeds you have? I keep them all written down on this nifty little note book!" (Try /seedbank)
"I heard a rumor that... Oh, I shouldnt say anything..."
"One time I thought I saw one of The Garden Monsters eyes in the compost bin. Really shook me up. I should report it to Kwis, shouldnt I?"
"Did you hear that we will be holding our first official Farmers Market this year? I think sometime in the spring!"
"Aint nobody got thyme for that."
"Weed it and reap!"
"What kind of socks does a gardener wear? Garden hose!"
"Why did the tomato blush? Because he saw the salad dressing! Dont tell Grannie Greeble I said that one..." 
"Ah, nothing like the smell of fresh soil in the morning!"  
"If youre looking for me, Im probably knee-deep in mulch."  
"The only thing standing between me and a perfect garden is... well, everything!"  
"If I had a Seed for every time someone stepped on my sprouts..."  
"Grannie Greeble says patience is a virtue, but have you ever waited for a Swirlypop plant to bloom?"  
"A well-tended garden is a well-loved garden!"  
"The weevils are back. Again. Im starting to take this personally."  
"I swear I saw a Grumblebug down in the compost heap... but maybe I was just tired."  
"If you want good crops, youve got to sing to them! Or at least, I do..."  
"Did you know Greeble Gardens used to have a giant sunflower that towered over the Seed Exchange? I wonder where its seeds went..."  
"I caught a JubJub trying to plant Seeds in the wrong season. Had to stop ‘em before we had winter tchea fruit!"  
"A little sunshine, a little water, and a lot of talking to my plants... thats my secret!"  
"One of these days, Im gonna figure out where those mysterious vines keep coming from."  
"You ever wonder if the flowers are watching us back?"  
"If I find one more missing garden tool in the Seed Exchange, Im going to start charging rent!"  
"You cant rush a sprout. Just like you cant rush a good pie... or a nap."  
"Why do my best ideas always come when Im elbow-deep in dirt?"  
"Im just a humble gardener, but even I know the best seeds are the ones you share!" 
"The Seed Exchange is busier than Song Flowers in bloom! Hope I can still get a good deal."  
"Grannie Greeble always says the best way to grow a community is the same as a garden... Care, patience, and a little magic."  
"I heard the Bakers got a new recipe using Juppie. Might have to trade some Seeds for a taste!"  
"The ponds looking mighty nice today... wonder if the Water Lilies are finally gonna bloom?"  
"Sometimes I think the wind through the old greenhouse sounds like whispering... but thats just my imagination, right?"  
"Kwis Night Watch is keeping the town safe, but I sure hope theyre watching the Greeblton Village, too!"  
"I heard theres an old treasure buried somewhere near the orchard... but digging up roots just for treasure? No thanks!"  
"The Princes visit earlier this year really had the whole town buzzing! What a lovely lad..."  
"If I had a Seed for every rumor I heard at the Seed Exchange, Id have enough to plant a whole new orchard!"  
"I was at the market this morning, and someone traded an entire pie for a single rare flower! Guess beautys worth a bite."  
"The vines near the old greenhouse have been growing faster than usual... maybe somethings waking up over there?"  
"Did you hear that strange chime sound near The Old Greenhouse? I swear it wasnt just the wind..."  
"Some say if you plant a Seed in Greeble Gardens on the right day, youll grow something totally new!"  
"The best part about Greeble Gardens? You never know what youll find just around the corner... or under a pile of leaves!"
"BERT BERT BERT BERT... BERT!!!!"